The first step in creating an angular application of course is to lay out the structure of this app
and especially plan which components you're probably going to need.
Now it's normal that was pulling the app you decide to add another component which you didn't plan to
add at the beginning.
Or maybe you decide that you can merge two components you thought you would have to split.
But generally this is still a good approach and this should all just show you how I approach this and
how you may decide what should go into its own component and what can be merged into another one.
So on this page I try to lay out the general structure of our app and at the bottom you can find kind
of a legend.
So let's start with the features of this app.
Well we're going to have a shopping list and a recipe book section as I said managing our single ingredients
when you buy or end a recipe book Our whole recipes which components will we need for this obviously
Urooj component holding our overall application.
The app component every angler app has this then since we have two sections it probably makes sense
to have some kind of hetero component where we can navigate between these two sections.
Of course you could also hardcoded headers simply into the app component but since it will contain its
own business logic in the end it will trigger a routing action later and we will also add a drop down
there in the end which allows us to store our recipes on the server and fetched them from there.
So since we will have that logic attached to the head or outsourcing it into its own component makes
sense so that we don't have to put all that logic into a root component which really mainly should only
be responsible for holding our overall app.
So that is the header.
Now let's dive into the individual features.
Let's start with the shopping list here I guess it makes sense to have the overall shopping list component.
Remember the purple boxes only the feature so we need a component holding our shopping list and maybe
in this shopping list component.
We also want to have a shopping list added part which allows us to add new items so an input field and
a button because that again has its own logic.
We will have to decide if we are editing an existing item or adding a new one.
We need to resubmit this so it makes sense to create its own component for this.
So if we have an overall list component mainly holding the date off the list and the added component
being responsible for managing the state kind of there's the added component will be nested inside the
list component.
I guess that's it for the shopping list let's have a look at the recipe book here.
It certainly makes sense to have again just like with the shopping list a recipe list component which
shows us a list of all our recipes here we might later also put each individual recipe into its own
item.
Though sains it holds a little bit more information than just one line of HVM code and a recipe deedle
area would be great.
So an area where once we select a recipe we can see informations about that later in the course we will
also add another component here because we will then somehow need a component which allows us to edit
existing recipes or add new ones.
But since this is really advanced and we would not be able to fill it with much life right now I will
admit it for now and focus on the displaying part.
So I'll list with items and then the details section which displays the details of where the currently
selected item.
I guess this looks like a good plan.
Each of these components should hold a significant amount of business logic and I guess with the component
sketch out here we're really having each component focus on one main topic displaying a list displaying
information about a single item displaying detail information about a selected item and so on.
So that's generally how I approach this.
Of course feel free to split this up even more.
Or if you want merge them together.
For example recipe list and a single item but this will become more clear once we actually implement
these components.
Now one last thing we should think about which models will be use in this app and with model I simply
mean which Deda.
So we certainly will need some representation for our ingredient.
We will use ingredients a lot in the Recipe Book to each recipe there has a couple of ingredients.
So we should define how the ingredient looks like that is something which your application probably
also needs.
Be clear about the data you're going to use and put it into its own class so that you have your own
type you can use later on and that you have a clear interface or definition of what your data looks
like so that you can easily have your components talk with each other.
Something will dive in later in this course so that there is no issue regarding the data we're exchanging
So besides the ingredients which probably is a very simple model only controlling the name and amount
maybe we all will need a model for the recipe which contains things like title description the ingredients
and so on.
And I think with this we have a solid plan for now.
Let's get started.
Let's implement all these components fill it with some dummy data for now and take the first step in
building our course project